would be very wealth tax they go well
what about people who are asset rich but
income poor so like some old lady he's
been living in a house that's suddenly
inflated in price
um but if you're asking to pay a wealth
tax you'll be like I don't know you
haven't I've just got my mention what do
you say to that yeah listen I've got
nothing against old ladies my name was
an old lady
um this is not about taxing people with
one million pounds okay this is about
taxing people with 100 million pounds
okay listen I'm very happy to cut people
out with one million two million pounds
we don't need to tax you but the truth
is we have this extremely wealthy class
generating an enormous amount of income
from the people of this country and
using that income to buy the rest of the
assets if we don't stop that ordinary
families will lose their homes it's as
simple as that and you don't need to tax
necessarily people on one or two million
pounds of wealth you know we need to go
after the people with a hundred million
pounds worth and if we don't I guarantee
you they will end up owning everything